	1. When and why BDD was defined

BDD is a process designed to aid the management and the delivery of software development projects 
by improving communication between engineers and business professionals. 
By aiding communication between these two teams, 
BDD ensures all development projects remain focused on delivering what 
the business actually needs while meeting all requirements of the user.

	2. The most important aspects of BDD

All parties have a shared understanding of the project and can be involved in the communication.
A shared language ensures everyone (technical or not) has thorough visibility into the project’s progression.
Resulting software design that matches existing and supports upcoming business needs.
Improved quality code reducing costs of maintenance and minimising project risk.

	3. Why is useful and when could be applied.

Being a common language , BDD can even be used as part of documentation as evidence of acceptance of the project.   
You can also allow the customer, project manager , analysts, etc, to paricipate with 
developers in the definition and validation of specifications.  

	
	4.Which type of teams could implement BDD

All kind of teams to encourage collaboration between   
developers, QA and non-technical or business participants in a   
software project.  

	5. Structure of a feature – Give an example
Structure
     Name
     Size [Optional]
     Priority 

Feature: Quick Post
priority: 1



	6. Structure of a user story – Give an example

Structure
Title (one line describing the story)
Narrative:
As a [role]
I want [feature]
So that [benefit]  

Title: Quick Post 

As a guest user
I want to post a ride
So that any employee going to my direction can join me
   

	7. Structure of a scenario – Give an example

Structure :
Given some initial context (the givens)
When an event occurs
then ensure some outcomes

Scenario: Successfull posting
Given Guest USer enter all correct data
When click on "Submit"
Then System display message "Posting is successful"


	8.Differences between BDD and BDT
The biggest difference is that the developers do not participate in BDT